A father went to say good night to his seven year old son, very well knowing that if he didn’t his son would have trouble sleeping. It was a nightly routine between them. He entered the dimly lit room where his son waited under his blanket. With the first glance the father could tell there was something unusual about his son tonight, but couldn’t put his finger on it. He looked the same but had a grin that drew from ear to ear.
You okay buddy? the father asked.
The son nodded, still with the grin, before saying, Daddy, check for monsters under my bed.”
The father chuckled a bit before getting on his knees to check only to satisfy his son.
There, under the bed, pale and afraid, was his son. His real son. He whispered, Daddy, there someone on my bed.
A hiker decided to go on a hike by himself. Something he was not very used to. The whole day was normal. Trees and bushes engulfed his surroundings. He enjoyed being outdoors in the mountains. Nothing seemed strange to him, that was until he was making his way back to his car. He figured an eight hour hike was good enough. The sky was already getting dark and he needed to get back, fast. What was odd was how much he didn’t recognize the trail back. He began to panic.
Night had already taken over and all he had was a flashlight and no clue on how to get back. He knew it was already too late and too dangerous to keep going through the perilous forest. He began to worry that he would have no shelter for the night when almost luckily enough, he stumbled across a broken-down cabin. It was dark, and seemed like no one had visited it in years, but he knew it was the only place where he could rest until daylight, especially since his flashlight was running out of battery. He knocked on the door a few times but no one answered, so he let himself in where strangely enough, a perfect bed fitted for one person awaited him in the center. He knew that if the owner came back he could explain himself, he was sure that the owner wouldn’t mind, or was even probably dead. So he went ahead and got himself comfortable in bed. As he tried to sleep, he couldn’t ignore the collection of paintings around the room; portraits of strange looking people all peering at him, each wearing a smile that sent chills up his spine. Not too long after his  exhaustion from the hike got the best of him and he was able to ignore the faces.
The next morning he got up early and was shocked to see that there were no paintings around the room, but windows…
A doctor was working at a hospital, a hospital where the patients were tagged with coloured bands. Green: alive. Red: deceased.
One night, the doctor was instructed to get a few supplies from the basement of the hospital, and so he headed to the lift. The lift doors opened and there was a patient inside, minding her own business. Patients were allowed to roam around the hospital to stretch, especially those who have stayed long. The rule was to be back in their rooms before ten.
The doctor smiled at the patient before pressing the number for the basement. He found it unusual that the woman didn’t have a button already pressed. He wondered if she was heading to the basement too.
The lift finally reached the floor where the doors opened. In the distance a man was limping towards the elevator, and in a panic the doctor slammed the elevator button to close. It finally did and the lift began to ascend back up, the doctor’s heart pounding.
Why did you do that? He was trying to use the lift. The woman stated, annoyed.
Did you see his wrist? The doctor asked, It was red. He died last night. I would know because I did his surgery.
The woman lifted her wrist. He saw red. She smiled. Like this one?
A man just moved into an apartment and heads to the receptionist to get his keys. The receptionist gave him the key with a smile but warns him not to disturb the door with no number on his floor. He wondered why but didn’t bother to ask, he was too busy with his new apartment to care. After he finished unpacking he began to get curious. He questioned why the receptionist would warn him of such things, and so he stepped out of his apartment to check the door with no number.
He tried the door knob first but it was locked, so instead he got onto his knees and peeked through the keyhole. The apartment he was looking into was empty. His eyes scanned the whole place before stopping at a woman, standing face against a wall, in the corner. He noticed her pale skin and long black hair before stepping back, suddenly feeling perverted in a way for invading someone else’s privacy. He brushed it off, assuming she was someone that did not want to be disturbed.
The next day he got more curious about the woman and eventually went back, straight away getting onto his knees. He peeked through the keyhole and saw all red. Red. He assumed that the pale woman must have caught him peeking the last time and covered the hole with something red.
He left the door alone and instead went down to the receptionist to ask her questions. The receptionist sighed and asked, “you looked through the keyhole, didn’t you?”
He admitted to it and so she felt obliged to tell him the story. She told him that a couple used to live in that apartment a long time ago, but the husband went crazy and killed his wife. However, this couple wasn’t normal.
They had pale skin, black hair and red eyes.
A daughter was in her room upstairs, doing her homework, when suddenly she heard her mother call to come down for dinner. She jumped onto her feet and began making her way towards the stairs, but before even took a step, hands grabbed her and pulled her into the laundry room besides the staircase.
She panicked before realizing it was her mother, her real mother, eyes watery and bloodshot. “Don’t go down there honey, I heard it too.”
A young boy lay sleeping in his bed when he heard footsteps outside his room. He peeked out of his eyes to see what was
happening when his door swung open to reveal a murderer carrying corpses of his parents. After silently propping them up
on a chair, he wrote something on the wall in the blood of the dead bodies. He then hid under the child’s bed.
The child got scared beyond belief. He couldn’t read the writing on the wall and he knew the man was under his bed. Like
any child, he pretended that he slept through the whole thing and hadn’t woken up yet. He lay still as the bodies, quietly
hearing the breathes from under his bed.
An hour passed, and his eyes got adjusted to the darkness. He tried making out the words, but it was a struggle. He gasped
when he finally read out the sentence.
‘I know you’re awake’ he read as he felt something shift underneath his bed.
I got my first pair of glasses last week. My parents didn’t think I needed them at first, but the doctor said that there was something wrong with more than just my eyes that was apparently pretty common, and that I needed specially prescribed glasses “for my own good”.
He said that many people were never given the chance to see the way I would, so I was lucky to get them. I thought he meant cars and faraway words would become less blurry, but over the span of a couple of days, many more things have become more clear. I started seeing nightmare creatures. All around.
I’d never seen them there before, like in the corners of my room and in darkened parking lots. I took my glasses off for the first time today. And let me just say it’s amazing how quickly demons and creatures turn into trees and shadows.
I know I’m not seeing the truth. But I’m a simple person. I’d rather things remain blurry, just the way it is for everyone else.
We didn’t question why the small town we’d found after getting lost in the countryside wasn’t on the map.
We didn’t question why the shopkeeper in town didn’t have eyebrows or hair on his head. We didn’t question why he looked so strangely (greedily) at us.
We didn’t question why the gas at the station we stopped at was so (lure in travellers) cheap.
We didn’t question why the clerk at the station (where are her eyebrows and hair) insisted on making a phonecall in the back before ringing us up.
We didn’t question why the (funny) man outside by our car let us know that the sun was going down.
We didn’t question why so many (bald) people stood on the street, watching us frantically leave their town behind.
We didn’t question why we began pulling our hair out or why we decided to turn around and head back to town.
We knew why.
I always had a problem with sleeping growing up. Many times I’d get sleep paralysis but after I blessed my room, it hasn’t happened in months.
This happened to me about a year ago. I woke up in the middle of the night frozen. If I tried to move I’d get a really loud ringing noise in both my ears it would get louder each time I moved. I was terrified.
I was too scared to open my eyes but I felt a presence of someone in the room with me (my room isn’t completely dark because I have a small blue night light).
I open my eyes and see a very tall and dark figure with two horns on each side of his head just standing there in the corner of my room facing me.
I panic and try to move my body the ringing gets louder and louder and louder and I can feel myself crying. I close my eyes and in my head start saying “ God will protect me, God will protect me.”
Then, I hear a low evil voice say “ God can’t help you anymore..”
Keith was 12 the first time the old man in the well spoke to him. Keith was out playing after dark on the family’s small farm near the well. The old well had beams supporting a rope and pulley with a bucket attached, even though Keith was told that well ran dry before he was born.
Suddenly he heard someone say his name in a slow raspy voice. Keith whirled around and saw no one. A look of confusion spread across his face as he heard it again.
“Keith!”
This time, it was said with more force and a bit louder. The voice sounded like one of the old farmers who liked to smoke, thought Keith.
Looking down the well, Keith heard the same voice asking, “Have you got anything tasty?”. Keith couldn’t see anything past the first 12 or so feet down the well, even though it was a full moon.
“Who are you? How’d you get down there?”, Keith asked.
“If you give me something tasty, I’ll reward you”, replied the voice.
All Keith had were some cookies he had stuffed in his pocket as he left to play. He put those in the bucket and it lowered it. He had lowered it nearly 40 feet and was literally at the end of his rope when he no longer felt the weight of the bucket on the rope.
20 seconds passed and he felt the weight of the bucket again and began to pull the bucket up.
As he finished the pulling the bucket up to the top he heard the voice say, “No nice.” Keith saw a reflection in the
bucket and saw a rectangular piece of silver metal, about the size of an army dog tag. It was completely flat and smooth.
“Want fresh!” the voice said. Even though Keith tried to talk to the old man again there was no response.
Keith made up a story about where he found the metal and took it to his father who took it into town and confirmed it was an ounce of pure silver.
After that, Keith kept it a secret. It took a while to discover that the old man was only there the night of full moons.
Keith quickly learned that only live things he put in the well would be rewarded, but only once for each item and once every full moon. So one of each kind of animal was lowered down the well and rewarded.
Keith now had a cigar box mostly full of silver pieces by the time he was 16, but had run out of different animals to get rewarded for.
It was around this time that a local farmhand went missing. It was also the same time that Keith was rewarded with gold pieces for the first time. Once Keith took over the farm, temp workers seemed to vanish every now and then without explanation from the farm.
The old man had finally found something tasty enough to always reward.
When I was a little girl, I used to read at night. I always kept my closet light on. It flowed from underneath the door and dissolved the illusion of darkness with white brilliance.
Warm.
Inviting.
I felt so comfortable that I would forget to turn it off afterwards.
But one night, it turned itself off.
After several giddy minutes spent making silly faces with my son, I sighed and held him close, and smiled. I looked at our reflections in the mirror, in awe of the perfect little cherub I was blessed with.
“That’s my boy”, I said matter-of-factly, pointing to my son’s reflection while beaming with pride.
My reflection flickered momentarily, before an unearthly hand stretched out from the glass and plucked my son from my lap.
“No, that is MY boy”, a guttural voice declared.
We bought an old house, my boyfriend and I. He’s in charge of the “new” construction – converting the kitchen into the master bedroom for instance, while I’m on wallpaper removal duty. The previous owner papered EVERY wall and CEILING! Removing it is brutal, but oddly satisfying. The best feeling is getting a long peel, similar to your skin when you’re peeling from a sunburn. I don’t know about you but I kinda make a game of peeling, on the hunt for the longest piece before it rips. Under a corner section of paper in every room is a person’s name and a date. Curiosity got the best of me one night when I Googled one of the names and discovered the person was a missing person, the missing date matching the date under the wallpaper! The next day, I made a list of all the names and dates. Sure enough, each name was for a missing person with dates to match. We notified the police who naturally sent out the crime scene team. I overhead one tech say “Yup, it’s human.” Human? What’s human? “Ma’am, where is the material you removed from the walls already? This isn’t wallpaper you were removing.”
My daughter woke me around 11:50 last night. My wife and I had picked her up from her friend Sally’s birthday party, brought her home, and put her to bed. My wife went into the bedroom to read while I fell asleep watching the Braves game.”Daddy,” she whispered, tugging my shirt sleeve. “Guess how old I’m going to be next month.””I don’t know, beauty,” I said as I slipped on my glasses. “How old?”She smiled and held up four fingers. It is 7:30 now. My wife and I have been up with her for almost 8 hours. She still refuses to tell us where she got them.
e had been given the watch on his tenth birthday. It was an ordinary grey plastic wristwatch in every respect except for the fact that it was counting down. “That is all of the time you have left in the world, son. Use it wisely.” And indeed he did. As the watch ticked away, the boy, now a man, lived life to the fullest. He climbed mountains and swam oceans. He talked and laughed and lived and loved. The man was never afraid, for he knew exactly how much time he had left. Eventually, the watch began its final countdown. The old man stood looking over everything he had done, everything he had built. 5. He shook hands with his old business partner, the man who had long been his friend and confidant. 4. His dog came and licked his hand, earning a pat on the head for its companionship. 3. He hugged his son, knowing that he had been a good father. 2. He kissed his wife on the forehead one last time. 1. The old man smiled and closed his eyes.
Then, nothing happened. The watch beeped once and turned off. The man stood standing there, very much alive. You would think that at that moment he would have been overjoyed. Instead, for the first time in his life, the man was scared.
When my sister Betsy and I were kids, our family lived for a while in a charming old farmhouse. We loved exploring its dusty corners and climbing the apple tree in the backyard. But our favorite thing was the ghost. We called her Mother because she seemed so kind and nurturing. Some mornings Betsy and I would wake up, and on each of our nightstands, we’d find a cup that hadn’t been there the night before. Mother had left them there, worried that we’d get thirsty during the night. She just wanted to take care of us. Among the house’s original furnishings was an antique wooden chair, which we kept against the back wall of the living room. Whenever we were preoccupied, watching TV or playing a game, Mother would inch that chair forward, across the room, toward us. Sometimes she’d manage to move it to the center of the room. We always felt sad putting it back against the wall. Mother just wanted to be near us. Years later, long after we’d moved out, I found an old newspaper article about the farmhouse’s original occupant, a widow. She’d murdered her two children by giving them each a cup of poisoned milk before bed. Then she’d hanged herself. The article included a photo of the farmhouse’s living room, with a woman’s body hanging from a beam. Beneath her, knocked over, was that old wooden chair, placed exactly in the center of the room.
